This file is to be used as a record of the team meetings (without the partner) we will regularly hold on Thursdays and Saturdays throughout the semester to touch  base.
This file is meant to contain the meeting minutes for all the meetings of the semester in the form of a stack (the first meeting is at the bottom of the file, the most recent meeting is at the top of the file). This stack is to be updated after each meeting.

3/16/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
- Changing theme colors for frontend
- Organize FE manager side work for upcoming weeks
- Start working right away on all the final stage MVP features remaining


3/11/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
D2 writeup, people finish parts by Sunday night so that we can review it on Monday
Frontend manager on track for finishing
D3, due to frontend user side likely having less work in the future, we are having a person swap to frontend manager side (Parth)
D3 tasks set up on notion by Michele
 Backend splitting into bench park user app (for audio) and manager app (for authentication)
frontend waiting to hear back from Tony before splitting work
backend split work, on notion, not touching backend deployment before Monday for John's presentation
 finishing readme parts, parts split on notion

2/25/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
    Discuss D2 handout 
        Due: Mar 10, 11:59PM
    Tajwaar will commit 2 starter files (done)
    How will FE-User connect with BE?
        Create QR code tied with bench 
        FE needs to know what the API calls will look like (parameters…) to get necessary info from a bench
        Audio image link 
        Audio link?
    FE-Manager and BE both made bench creation, so linking the two isn’t too hard 
    This project will be on the main repo
        Merge the frontends 
        Or separate the three subteams into 3 folders (team prefers this)
    Look into using AWS to deploy React projects 
    BE
        Need to upload audio file and send link to FE-User 
        QR creation 
    FE-Manager
        Need to the api calls to get, create, delete, and edit benches 
    FE-User 
        Need to specify api calls too 
    Integration file needs to be revisited before submission 
    TO DO
        Create D2 folder 
        Put all files onto main repo under sub-folders 
        FE teams communicate what they need from BE 

2/19/2023 (Submission Meeting for A2 group repo)
    Submission for main project report 
    Note for TA:
        Our report is 5 pages with TOC to affirm that it’s less than 4 pages. 

2/18/2023 (Recurring Weekly Team Meeting)
    Went over 2/16 Meeting Minutes with John
    Discussed Admin Account Creation
        Make one admin (superuser on Django); where only admins can make more admins; emails are sent with username + temp password to newly created accounts
    Discussed Backend/Frontend API Communication:
        React framework is able to encode/decode whatever encoding backend does
        Backend team should choose a suitable QR encoding framework (one that includes alpha-neumeric characters and /, :, …); primary/popular choice for Django: QR Code
        Make sure to keep in mind what characters we need in links (with queries in mind) that are to be encoded
    Discussed A2 Group Project Report
        Document link in Discord #links channel
        Division of tasks on Notion/Discord
    Group Meeting tomorrow: https://www.when2meet.com/?18859486-1hx71

2/11/2023
    Pick user stories for each subteam: 
        6.1 Fe-User (parth and tony): 
        6.2 Backend (sam, michele, and tajwaar): 
            As a logged in Park Manager, I want to be able to obtain the QR code corresponding to an existing bench, so that in the case of damages being caused to the existing printed version, I can replace it with a working one + Bench CRUD.
        6.3 Fe-Manager (michael and angad):
    Team Report - 3 sections (< 3 pages)
        3. software architecture diagram and how each component connects to the others.
            Use miro example made in class
    Subteam Report
        Code within separate repo 
    Ask about grace period policies 
    Think of any questions/clarifications for John 

2/4/2023
    Discuss feedback from John with entire team 
    Went over what John liked and didn’t
    Suggestions:
        One bench as multiple audios due to seasonal reasons (still one QR code)
            Have automatic switching between audiios dependent on the dates
    Emphasis on simple interface 
    Front end - USER 
        Text on top too wordy 
        Remove scan button on audio playing screen 
        Remove unnecessary buttons (like arrow on scan screen)
    Backend 
        Generate QR code AND instructions for use 
    Next meeting with John: Feb 15th 

1/28/2023
    Team Meeting to discuss Deliverable 1 (planning.md) 
        Brainstormed personas (3) and user stories (at least 5) 
        Decided on technology stack
        Create helpful diagrams
        Architecture for backend depicting connections between databases, clients, etc. 
    Questions for John
        Usage of the QR codes
            On manager side, they have access to info on audio/link and QR code link 
            Could be a “print pdf” option (or jpeg etc.) 
            When they want to print QR code again, can search for bench and click on download 
            Update the audio is tied to QR code (bench id and QR code stays the same) 
                Maybe change bench name?
    Planning.md TODO 
        1. 
            Parth/Tony - Frontend Mockups (User)
            Michael/Angad - Frontend Mockups (Manager)
        2. Personas (Sam)
        4. User stories (Michele)
        5. Create backend diagram (Michele)
        6. Tajwaar
        7. Why did we all choose our role 
        8. Tajwaar
        9. Angad 
        10. Michael 
    Outlook 
        Get approval for user stories by John (with evidence!) 
        Deployment services to be discussed with John 
            Potentially ask his OPS contact 
        Confirm his account is added to the GitHub 
        Go over Planning.md before due date  

1/25/2023
TODO:
    Make group github
    Give access to partner (John)
    Make group email (will ask TA first)
    Join Project Team 6 on Quercus
    Discuss D1 Handout
    Mockup (mainly frontend teams):
    Figma preferred due to teamwork capabilities
    Individual aspects to be completed separately (in /team/ dir., etc)
    First person to complete their individual sections pushes the relevant file if it’s not made

Things to ask TA (1/26)
    Is a group email necessary for our purposes?
    What should the <tutorial> part in our GitHub repo name be?
    Would it be possible for them to join our Discord for easy communication?

Sub-teams
        Backend: Sam, Tajwaar, Michele
        Frontend (user): Parth, Tony
        Frontend (manager): Michael, Angad

1/20/2023
Most probable rep + PM: Michael
Email creation?
Potential 3-2-2 team split for Ontario Parks Project:
    3 for manager backend
    2 for manager frontend
    2 for user frontend
Weekly recurring meetings: Saturday 3-4PM
STAY AWAY FROM BLOONS TD
Look into Deployment Solutions: GitHub Pages (better versions?), Netlify
